add sugar windows installation method (#298)
metaplex-foundation/docs: docs/sugar/01-installation.md

Binaries for the supported OS can be found at:
- [Sugar Releases](https://github.com/metaplex-foundation/sugar/releases)

### Recommended Installation Method

**MacOS, Linux, Windows Subsystem Linux (WSL)**

Run this install script in your terminal:
```bash
bash <(curl -sSf https://sugar.metaplex.com/install.sh)
```

This will install the binary to your machine and add it to your PATH. 

**Windows**

> 1. Download the Winstaller executable from [here](https://github.com/metaplex-foundation/winstaller/releases).
> 
>    ![Winstaller Github](./assets/Winstaller.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the Winstaller executable from [here](https://github.com/metaplex-foundation/winstaller/releases/latest/download/winstaller.exe).
```
